README.md, before:

# LiveScoreUpdateSystem
ASP.NET MVC Project

## Build status
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/97o4855nob8687lt?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/BorislavBorisov/livescoreupdatesystem)

UpBeat is a ASP.NET MVC application for music lovers.

# Brief project documentation
#### Public part
  - Home
    - Information about the site, what the site is about
    ![image](./ProjectScreenshots/Screenshot_2.png)
  - Trending page
    - Listing of the 20 latest albums
    ![image](./ProjectScreenshots/Screenshot_3.png)
  - Album details
    - Shows album specific information as well as album track names and previews of the tracks
    ![image](./ProjectScreenshots/Screenshot_1.png)
  - About page
    - Information about the creator and contact
#### Authenticated part
 - User account
    - Keeps information about the user's favourite albums
    - Option to change user password
#### Administration part
- Admin panel page
   - Menu containing all administration priviledged actions
   ![image](./ProjectScreenshots/Screenshot_4.png)
- Album list page
   - All albums listed, editable and deletable
   ![image](./ProjectScreenshots/Screenshot_5.png)
- Track list page
   - All tracks listed, editable and deletable
# Functionality
 - Preview top 20 albums
 - Save favourite album
# Admin functionality
 - Add new track to database
 - Add new album to database
 ![image](./application-images/)
 - Edit or delete albums
 - Edit or delete tracks

Commit message:

Added application images and updated readme

README.md, after:

# LiveScoreUpdateSystem
ASP.NET MVC Project

## Build status
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/97o4855nob8687lt?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/BorislavBorisov/livescoreupdatesystem)

UpBeat is a ASP.NET MVC application for music lovers.

# Brief project documentation
#### Public part
  - Home Page
    - Where the fun starts :) 
    ![image](./application-images/home-page.png)
  - Live score page
    - The top games for the being updated in realtime
    ![image](./application-images/live-games-2.png)
  - Live Game details
    - See detailed information minute by minute for a specific game
    ![image](./application-images/game-details.png)
  - About page
    - Information about the creator and contact
#### Authenticated part
 - User account
    - Manages his subscriptions (user can subscribe for a team and recieve email report with the game highlights)
    ![image][./application-images/teams-for-subscribtion.png]
#### Administration part
- Admin panel page
   - Menu containing all different features for managing the whole system
   ![image](./application-images/admin-panel.png)
   - Access to every entity stored in the application
- Data access
   - Full access to managing entitites stored in the system
    ![images][./application-images/players-managing.png]
#### Live Updaters Part
- Updating live games
    - Access to updating and adding new events to live games (like goals, cards, penalties)
    ![images][./application-images/updating-game]
